[muffled music playing]
[music continues]
- [screeches]
- [chuckles] I got you this time.
- [grunts]
- [shouts]
- [Wrecker] What-- [groans]
[laughs]
Now you owe me two cartons of Mantell Mix.
Not so fast.
One more game. Double or nothing.
Hey! Quit running up the power bill.
It's time to get to work.
I got another job for you.
Hunter and Echo aren't back
from the other mission yet.
I would not call transporting 50 cases
of nerf nuggets a "mission."
Nor is it a proper use of our skill set.
Yeah, well, your skill set
will come in real useful on this one.
Especially you, Muscles.
You're gonna be my security crew.
We will require
a more detailed briefing than that.
No time. The shuttle's waiting.
Maybe it'll be fun.
[grunts] Works for me.
[sighs]
[people chattering]
[Tech] I am beginning
to understand the need
for added security in a place like this.
Safa Toma can be
a little rough around the edges
if you don't know what you're doing.
But lucky for us, I know my way around.
And if things get dicey,
that's where you come in.
- [crowd cheering]
- [speeders racing]
[cheering continues]
Whoa!
It's called Riot Racing.
Wow! Did you see that?
[Tech] It appears anything goes out there.
[announcer on PA] The smoke's cleared,
and TAY-0's taken the lead
from "Hyper" Rod!
That's my new racer, TAY-0.
He's a real ringer.
He's gonna make me a lot of dough.
[announcer] And TAY-0 wins!
- TAY-0 wins!
- Follow me.
[crowd grumbling, cheering]
Greetings, Boss Lady.
Did you enjoy the show?
It was impressive, wasn't it?
Did you see me out there?
Your ringer is a droid?
Oh, I'm so sorry.
You have a problem with droids, human?
You think you can make the split-second
calculation to win out there?
You want to challenge TAY-0?
I do not have enough information about
this sport to determine that at this time.
Then take a seat, spectacled spectator.
[Wrecker chuckles] Spectacled spectator.
All right, all right.
Save it for the course.
You don't have to say it, that's--
I was about to save it for the course.
Excuse me. I can't talk right now.
It's time I prepare for the next race.
Which I'm going to win. TAY-0.
This is a 12 series speeder.
They were not built
for racing speed or durability.
Which is why we modify them.
Behold and be amazed.
Impressive, is it not?
TAY-0 is an artist.
[Millegi] Ciddarin Scaleback.
[chuckles]
It's been a long time since I've seen
your shiny claws around Safa Toma.
Millegi. I'm busy. Get out of my pit.
Not gonna introduce me to your new crew?
[chuckles]
They're not gonna help you win.
Oh, I know I'm gonna win.
You think your droid can beat my champ?
[speaking Nosaurian]
[chuckles]
What's he saying?
You do not want to know.
If you're so confident,
how about our standard side wager?
Let's see who has the better racer.
Deal.
[chuckles]
Just like old times.
[speaking Nosaurian]
[Tech] The familiarity between you two
suggests this race is personal.
This is business.
And we've got a race to win.
Wh-Wh-What did I miss?
[Tech]
Jet Venim and TAY-0 are in the lead.
Given the unpredictable nature
of this course,
I cannot determine who the victor will be.
[Wrecker grunts]
[rapid beeping]
[crowd gasping]
Hmm? [groans]
[announcer]
A friendly reminder to all our spectators,
be mindful of blaster fire.
Safa Toma Speedway is not liable
for any injury, death, or disintegration.
Thank you.
And speaking of injury and death,
the lead racers are approaching
Gambler's Gulch.
[Cid on comm]
Do not take the left tunnel!
TAY-0 knows what he is doing.
What's wrong with the left tunnel?
It's a death trap.
[grunts] This whole race is a death trap.
[announcer] Final lap
and Jet Venim remains in the lead, but--
Uh-oh.
The challenger is closing in fast!
He's gonna do it! TAY-0's gonna do it!
- [comlink beeps]
- Get him in the crunch.
[grunts]
[announcer] Uh-oh, it's "Steel Claw" time!
I feel a Venim crunch coming on!
- [grunts]
- [Cid on comm] Get out of there!
[grunts] No, no, no, no, no.
- Come on, TAY-0!
- [Wrecker grunts]
[announcer] TAY-0 takes a tumble!
And Jet Venim wins!
[laughs]
[Tech] This speeder is in bad shape,
but some of it is salvageable.
That's the least of my problems now,
Goggles.
Hey! Found TAY-0!
[grunts] Or most of him.
Maybe we can put him back together.
[Millegi] I'm here to collect, Cid.
You'll get your credits.
Just give me some time. I'm good for it.
That's not how this works.
You are out of time.
Wanna step in here?
I didn't bring you two for the company.
Wait! How much does she owe?
More than you got, kid.
Well, we're not done yet.
[chuckles] Looks like you're done to me.
One last race.
If you win, we pay you double.
If we win, we get Cid.
You don't know
what you're getting into, kid.
[Tech]
I'm inclined to agree with him, Omega.
Yeah, I'm inclined too.
We don't know anything about racing.
They're gonna hurt Cid if we do nothing.
Do we have a deal?
We race tomorrow.
And I keep Cid as collateral.
For your sakes,
you better be able to pay up.
[sighs] This speeder's in worse shape
than I thought.
How's TAY-0?
Partially operational.
With a few more adjustments,
he may be capable of racing.
Uh, that is hilarious. [chuckles]
I am more than capable. I am ready to--
Where are my arms and legs?
That should be all of it.
No, that's not how you connect the servo.
Let TAY-0 instruct you
on how to do this properly.
You know, instead of repairing him,
we should be taking out that gangster.
We cannot apply our military tactics
to this situation.
Millegi is dangerous and connected.
Even if we extract Cid and escape,
they will seek retribution.
Rumor has it, the last sponsor who failed
to pay Millegi is
now taking a permanent pit stop
in the eastern sand dune.
Which is why we have to win the race
and save Cid.
This is not the first time
she has required our assistance
due to her dealings with individuals
of questionable integrity.
It is a problematic pattern.
Uh, hey, yeah. Did you forget
you were working on me?
'Cause it seems like you're just having
a conversation about nonsense over there.
How about a little less chatter,
a little more spanner?
To old times.
Not interested in old times. I've changed.
Hustlers like us never change.
Sooner or later,
those outcasts you're hanging out with
will get to know the real Cid.
I might surprise you.
[laughs]
I doubt that.
You're racing next, TAY-0.
[chuckles] Think you can win?
[laughs]
I will ignore that obvious question.
Yes. I can.
Well, you lost last time.
That was a miscalculation.
One I will not make twice.
[device beeping]
I'm sorry. Why exactly are you, uh,
studying the track layout?
I am analyzing the course
and patterns of the racers.
It is fascinating.
You are doing it wrong, human.
Calculations won't help you.
It is all about strategy and skill,
of which you have zero.
I believe your strategy to be flawed.
It would be wise to divert power
to the reflector shields
from your primary weapon system.
[laughs]
An amateur mistake. And precisely why
TAY-0 is your only chance at victory.
Open your eyes, human.
If you want to win out there,
offense is the best--
[announcer groans]
We have a wipeout down in the pits!
- [Omega gasps]
- [Wrecker] Whoa!
TAY-0?
[Wrecker] Oh, boy.
Uh, I don't think
he's gonna be able to race.
Safa Toma's a dangerous place.
He's fine.
Snap out of it, tin bin!
I regret nothing.
[powering down]
Tough luck. Looks like a forfeit.
No racer means Cid loses. And so do you.
We have to do something.
I will be the racer.
What? [laughs] Wha--
[speaking Nosaurian]
He's not joking.
You heard him. The bet's still on.
I never stop a fool from giving his life
to make me rich.
[crowd cheering]
[announcer] All right, place your bets!
Our racers are ready.
Safa Toma's Riot Champion, Jet Venim.
- Bosco "The Mad Bomber" Brix.
- [grunting]
- "Steel Claw" Kane.
- [chuckles]
"Vicious" Vid Santari.
- Haxxon "The War Gnome" Trajanix.
- [groans]
"Quick-draw" Quasar.
"The Trickster" Flash Raktor.
"Hyper" Rod on his Seven Deuce Blaster.
- And finally, Tech.
- [crowd falls silent]
Tech? Anything else on this guy? No?
Guess he's a late arrival.
Is that his name? Tech? Just Tech?
Okay, and here we go.
[incremental beeping]
[announcer] And they're off!
What place is he in?
Last, but he's catching up.
Tech, you gotta be in front to win!
[Tech on comm] I know what I am doing.
It's called strategy.
No, it's called losing.
[announcer] Uh-oh.
"Mad Bomber" Brix is up to his old tricks!
[Omega on comm] Tech, don't take the
left tunnel. Cid said it's a death trap!
Transmit the schematics of the left tunnel
to my display.
On it.
Right now? Shouldn't you just focus
on not getting blown up?
[Tech on comm] I can do both.
[Omega on comm]
Your shields are overheating!
Yes. I am allowing for adequate energy
to be distributed from weapons to shields.
[Omega on comm]
Tech, they're all over you.
I need more speed.
Tech's coming in.
Well, what's he doing?
- Your weapons.
- [Tech] They were slowing me down.
[announcer]
Tech's got a vaporization wish…
What are they doing?
…and has removed all his weapons.
That worked. I now have increased speed
and maneuverability.
[Wrecker] Yeah, that's great,
but you're still in last place.
[groans]
The tunnel's coming up again.
Wait.
A large part of the track is missing.
That's why the racers avoid it.
It is also the shortest tunnel.
I can use it to my advantage.
[Omega on comm] It's too dangerous.
The speeder can't make that jump!
It will if I'm going fast enough.
[announcer]
Whoa! Looks like a couple blaster brains
took the ole
"Nellis Express to Lotho Minor!"
- A bold move. Let's see how this pans out.
- [laughs]
[grunts]
[Omega on comm]
It worked. You're closing in.
You're losing shields!
[Wrecker on comm]
Don't let 'em box you in!
[cheers]
[cheering]
[groans]
[announcer]
Here they come! It's going to be close!
And the winner is…
Tech!
- Yeah! [laughs]
- Yeah, Tech!
Oh, yeah! [chuckling]
- [cheering]
- [announcer] Tech, right?
Tech wins!
[Omega] You did it!
You sound surprised.
Yeah! [laughs]
I thought you were a goner. [chuckles]
[crowd chanting]
Tech! Tech! Tech! Tech! Tech!
[Wrecker] We're here for Cid!
[snorts]
[snarls]
[grunts]
A deal's a deal. We're square.
That was some racing, Goggles.
[speaking Nosaurian]
I, uh-- I-I-- [laughs]
Well, I guess I owe you one.
Yes. I would agree.
I'll make it up to ya.
Come on. We're outta here.
Hey, you three.
You could have walked away.
That loyalty is admirable, but with Cid,
it doesn't always go both ways.
Watch your backs.